Think of me as the most promising doctor in a top tertiary hospital.
Where did I come from wearing this?
What the hell kind of store is this?
Don't ask for it. My mother's country loves me.
I married a husband.
Definitely still a gift-keeper.
Why are you so miserable?
I've been drinking during the day, taking advantage of the local area.
Maybe the princess had performed surgery on the prince overnight.
This is because the prince has changed for the better.
I was born a little better than I was.
You are so awesome. You are not good at anything. This is.
Who am I to take care of you if I look for you now?
I didn't expect that
The king’s concubine is a Kugu
Spend less time on the screen
I also talk a lot
You smile a little
Laugh a little without falling asleep
I tell you
That prince
Just because he can't
That's why he's cheating on you
If you dare to say that I am not good enough, then come, Miss.
you drank too much
Give me a rest and you too
I want to come and drink with me.
Are you unhappy too?
Don't let me make you angry